Update install-on-linux.md (#9)
TheBastionBot/BastionDocs: install/install-on-linux.md

# Or if you've a distro that uses `yum` package manager, we've got you!
curl -sL https://raw.github.com/TheBastionBot/BastionScripts/master/linux/yum.sh -o BastionInstaller.sh && chmod +x BastionInstaller.sh
```
{% hint style="info" %}

> If you recieve an error saying curl not found run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an error saying `curl` was not found, run the following command:
```

> `apt install curl` or `yum install curl`{% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sudo apt install curl` or `sudo yum install curl`{% endhint %}
```
